don't get up what are you doing here
this is the small Council yes well do
you believe the hand of the king is
welcome at all small council meetings we
had three stocks to trade you chopped
one's head off and let another escape
you want to know what Mance Rayder is
doing gathering an army what I hear he's
already got more men than any of your
southern Kings and where is he plan
marching this army when you're all the
way north there's only one direction to
go Stannis Baratheon
warrior of light that my brother brother
left no trueborn heirs the boy Joffrey
the boy Tommen and the girl Marcela
being born of incest between Cersei
Lannister and her brother Jaime
Lannister when Eddard Stark learnt the
truth he told only to me I'll not make
the same mistake 10 copies of that
letter to every corner of the realm from
the arbor to the war the Lannisters are
the true enemy if for the time being you
could make peace with your brother well
not make peace with Renly while he calls
himself King Joffrey Renly Robb Stark
they're all thieves they'll bend the
knee or I'll destroy them we can't take
King's Landing without ships my father
has ships and men who know how to sail
with men who fought my father men who
fought King Robert to free themselves
from the yoke of the South just like
you're doing now I'm his only living son
you listen to me you'll ride south two
installments why in the name of all the
gods I need you to negotiate with Renly
Baratheon he's rallied an army of
100,000 you know him you know his family
I haven't seen Renly Baratheon since he
was a boy Renly sides with us well
outnumber them two to one we're looking
for a boy named Gendry it carries a
bull's head helmet anyone turning him
over will earn the Kings reward we'll be
back with more men and I'll be taking
your head home along with that fastball
you don't need to see this blood of my
blood who did this
call pono perhaps called Jia gone they
don't like the idea of a woman leading a
khalasar I see I destroy Robb Stark's
enemies for him and he will make me king
of the Iron Islands once again the man
gives me a crown I pay the iron price I
will take my crown that is Who I am
he won't stand a chance against the
Lannisters on you all said anything
about the Lannisters
son
[Music]
[Applause]
he's killing them all the boys you know
every night it's the same and walk
running but no not me
you're brave I have the honor to bring
you lady Catelyn Stark sent as an
invoice by her son Robb Lord of
Winterfell Lord of Winterfell and King
in the north
the wolf pup has gone south for the
entirety of the northern army at his
back while he's tangling with the lion
and the westerland's the north is ripe
for the taking make your choice Theon
and do it quickly
our ships sail with or without you the
arm of the house Greyjoy
you what this day consecrate your faith
to the drowned God my brother Jaime rots
in a northern stockade I would see him
released that's where you come in Robb
Stark will never release the Kingslayer
no he won't
but his mother might like the bastard
club deployed on a few bastards here
who's asking drop your weapons in the
name of the king I don't think I will so
be it
you want Gendry already going
he loved that helmet
bring the girl need a new cupbearer do
you want to see your girls again you
have our to both the girls what do you
want the Lannisters will trade your
daughter's for the Kingslayer may not
get another chance the Iron Throne is
mine by right all those that deny that
are my foes no one wants you for their
king I will give you this one night to
reconsider strike your banners otherwise
I still destroy you look to your sins
Lord Renly the night is dark and full of
terrors
if you do not let us in all of us will
die which we shall deeply regret I will
vouch for her her people and her dragons
in accordance with the law welcome to
Qarth my lady
[Music]
I want you to be a smuggler this time
any shore any night not about bringing
ashore your red woman
[Music]
it is justice that you want be smart
about it
you can't avenge him from the grave you
want to be a queen no I want to be the
queen
all my brothers bannermen have come to
my side except the Tyrells who fled like
cowards when we sail for King's Landing
zooms have consolidated my troops make
short work of the Lannisters fleet once
Blackwater Bay is cleared deliver our
troops to their doorstep and take the
city Stannis has more infantry more
ships more horses what do we have you
won't be making wildfire for my sister
any longer you will be making it for me
they're not gonna respect you until you
prove yourself now am I supposed to
prove myself by pillaging piss-poor
fishing villages during our stony Shores
not far from torrhen's square the siege
of the house it's all heart more
impressive rise and a few fishermen's
daughter can never hold it for more than
a few days as soon as Winterfell got
word that we'd taken torrhen's square
the Starks would send their men to take
you back
torrhen's square is under siege we have
to help them mostly fighting men are
away with Robb but I can gather 200
decent man you need so many
protect our own bannermen why should
they protect us go sir Roderick take the
men you need you saved me and the two I
was with
you stole three deaths from the Red
Guard speak three names and the men will
do the rest the one who tortures
everyone a man needs a name I don't know
his name they're calling the tipper
we need to get rid of those workouts
it's not a job for 400 men I need to
move fast and silent no commander I'd
like to join Lord qhorin but marry me
and I will give you the Seven Kingdoms
and our children will be princes and
princesses make your own way find your
own ship you only need one the Allies we
need are in Westeros Oh God